Code of conduct

• Frequency of meetings
• Gathering work in time for deadlines
• What to do if a team member does not participate
• Attending lab sessions
From the marking scheme: The Code of Conduct suitably covers the problems that can arise and how 
the team will resolve issues when they arise.

All members of the group must:
1) Equally contribute to all aspects of the project (in coding, presenting, document creating/editing, 
etc.). If a team member does not contribute equally, the other team members shall raise the issue with 
this team member. After that, if the team member does not contribute equally, then the module 
convener shall be contacted by the team for the next appropriate steps to be taken.
2) Attend all the online meetings, lessons on campus and the coursework presentation. Team 
members must inform them beforehand if they can't make a lesson/meeting (preferably the night 
before, but worst-case scenario in the morning if there is an emergency). Further, they must provide a 
valid reason for not attending. If a student fails to provide a valid reason, they shall be given a warning 
by the other group members. If a student misses two lessons/meetings without providing a valid 
reason, the issue shall be raised to the module convener. 
4) Not be late to the coursework presentation. If a student is late for the presentation, then they must 
accept full responsibility for this and discuss with the module convenor the next steps that must be 
taken. 
5)Not cheat by using code that is not theirs and thus failing to explain the code when asked by the 
lecturer and to not use plagiarism. If a student is caught cheating, they must accept full responsibility 
for their actions. The issue shall be raised to the module convenor. 
6) To make sure that the project meets the specifications that are delivered on time to meet the 
deadline, to not produce content that is not required to complete the project for the coursework. If the 
student does not provide appropriate work, they shall be advised by their team members. If the 
student continues to not provide appropriate work, the issue shall be raised to the module convener. 


- meetings after class (preferably Tuesday, as it's a morning class), but also Monday and Thursday
- set deadlines for each member (product owner)
- Scrum master: Nowres
- Product owner: Syed

Expected Behavior: 
1. No Idea is Stupid:
If you come up with an idea that you believe can make a positive impact on the coursework outcomes,
please come forward with it. Be respectful of team members and their opinions.
2. Be Inclusive:
Seek diverse perspectives. Diversity of views and of people on teams’ powers innovation, even 
if it is not always comfortable. Encourage all voices. Help new perspectives be heard and listen 
actively. If you find yourself dominating a discussion, it is especially important to step back and 
encourage other voices to join in. Be aware of how much time is taken up by dominant 
members of the group. Provide alternative ways to contribute or participate when possible.
3. To be respectful to peers as a team
4. For attendance reasons, if a member of the team is absent during the day or time. Then communication between all the team members must work on the project online
5. If the member of the team does not submit their parts of the coursework, the team member should tell the partner who is working on the same problem as them to provide support when help is needed, or for all the team members to check the parts of the coursework if it is completed correctly.


All the team members pecific meetings for the date and time:
Monday(After 6pm for 20 minuites)
Tuesday(After 2pm for 15 minuites)
Thursday(After 6pm for 30 minuites)
